(all groaning)
So the pitcher guy is trying
to hit the wooden thing?
The bowler tries
to hit the wicket.
(imitating Uncle Tunde):
Oh, the bowler is trying
to hit the wicket.
Everything about cricket
sounds made up.
You should join
our fantasy league.
I barely know the rules.
That is why I am inviting you.
It is time for me to head home.
Kemi likes to rub my abs
as she drifts off to sleep.
Olu does that, too.
But on the belly of a sea otter.
Hey. You guys still spending
every night together?
Yes.
Kemi demands passionate nights
and pancakes in the morning.
You two sound like you're
already married.
When are you gonna throw
a ring on her finger?
I would love to,
but it is not the right time.
Kemi deserves to marry
a head pharmacist,
not some lowly pill jockey.
A handsome pill jockey.
Oh, Bob. You're too kind.
Do you love her?
Yes.
Does she love you?
Her and your mom still trying
to kill each other?
Only sometimes.
That's an improvement.
You hear that, Pastor?
Sounds like wedding bells.
And I happen to know someone
who can perform
a riveting ceremony.
It is him.
He's talking about himself.
Just discussing this,
my hands have begun to sweat.
Well, don't be nervous,
it's the right decision.
Sometimes you just
got to take that leap.
Proverbs 18:22 says,
"He who finds a wife,
finds a good thing
and obtains favor
from the Lord."
Look at that, you got
Jesus as your wingman.
I am going to do it.
I am going to propose to Kemi.
Let's hear it for Chuey!
(cheering)
Congratulations.
I will take Mummy ring shopping.
She and Kemi have
the same size fingers.
No idea why you know that,
but we're happy for you.
Thank you, Bob.
Anytime, pal.
That's nice, huh?
Yes. And you talked him into it.
What does that mean?
Nothing.
I'm sure it will be fine.
("Ifanla" by Sola Akingbola
playing)
Mmm. This wine is delicious.
Ah, it was a gift
from Chukwuemeka.
Why would another man
send you wine?
Well, that's between
me and Chuey.
This does not concern you?
It's nothing bad.
All I can say is...
love is in the air.
This does not concern you?
I am not worried.
Bob's secrets are always boring.
Okay.
Boy, egusi's good.
Just say it.
It's a thank-you gift.
Now, don't tell anybody,
but you're looking at the guy
who encouraged Chukwuemeka
to propose to Kemi.
(silverware drops)
So I am looking at a fool?
I'm going to finish
this in my room.
This is a good thing.
You don't have to leave.
I can see that
you feel that way.
That's why I'm leaving.
Kemi has no interest
in getting married again.
If he does this,
their relationship
will never be the same.
Hey, have a little faith.
They might beat
the odds like us.
An American guy follows this
Nigerian nurse on a bus
with a bag full of socks?
A lot of people
doubted that love story.
I am still amazed you made it.
Cheers.
We do not anticipate this unit
being available for long.
It is within
walking distance
of two coffee shops
and a dog park.
Oh, I would love
to have a dog.
We do not allow pets.
But you are .3 miles
away from seeing them.
(chuckles)
(gasps)
I have always
wanted a reading nook.
Ah, it is also the perfect spot
for you and your new neighbor
to play cards
and shoot the breeze.
(laughing)
It would be nice to have
you living above us.
You have very light
footsteps, like a cat.
Oh.
When I lived above his garage,
Goodwin insisted
on me being quiet.
From the hours of 10:00 p.m.
to 8:00 a.m.,
I had to sneeze
into a pillow.
We were going to raise the rent
on the next tenant,
but since you are like family,
we will give you
the "like family" discount.
I'm sure he does not
expect any special treatment.
I do not.
Good answer.
Ooh, would it be okay
if I put up some
whimsical wallpaper?
It is your castle,
you are the king.
But there will be
an extra charge.
Should I get a lease
for you to sign?
Today? I-I was not counting
on finding a place so quickly.
We are not lowering the rent.
The price is the price.
I just want to take my time.
What if we took $200
off your first month?
Stop hitting me, I like him!
(chuckles)
Hello.
Hey.
I brought you potato skins
from the cafeteria.
Oh, thank you.
KEMI: Mm-hmm.
I was going to eat it,
but, uh, I cannot today.
Okay, thanks.
Because I have big plans later.
That's nice.
Mm.
Ask me what I'm doing tonight!
Why? It always involves
a naked Chuey and coconut oil.
They do not use coconut oil,
it gives him a rash.
I should not know that.
And now I know that.
My man is taking me out
for a posh dinner.
No.
And he's picking me up
in a limousine.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!
Sounds romantic.
Where you going?
Mayfield's.
Ooh, that fancy place
on the water?
Yes. Chukwuemeka is obviously
going to expect me to put out.
Which I will do
in the following ways:
First...
You cannot go there.
Um, that place is terrible.
Bob and I got food poisoning.
I will be fine.
I always sniff my oysters
before I shoot them.
The valet scratched Bob's car.
Why are you trying
to spoil my fun?
You sound jealous.
Yes, I am very jealous
that he gets to spend time
with you.
Please, have dinner
with me instead.
That is so sweet.
You want to spend time with me.
Let me think.
Abishola, sexy boyfriend?
You lose.
Enjoy your sad life.
You gonna eat those?
Thank you.
Over the past three weeks,
engagement with our
"Sock Lovers" campaign
has gone up 35% among those
who self-identify
as single and... into feet.
God bless those freaks,
they're loyal customers.
Why do they have
to call them freaks?
Maybe they're just trying
to live their lives.
Okay, what's next?
Really? It's 4:45
on a Friday.
Don't you want to get home
to the wife and kids?
Yeah, they're probably
wondering where Daddy is.
Go home, Daddy.
Tiwa and the kids went
to her mother's for the weekend.
Which is good because
there is so much work to do.
Oh, I get it.
No wife, no Kofo, you don't
want to face the empty house.
You know, sometimes
I put on the Food Network
so I can pretend...
I'm eating with someone.
It's got to be a little weird
not having your buddy
out in the garage.
When my kids left home, I didn't
know what to do with myself.
Kofo is not my child,
or my buddy.
He was a tenant, who still
owes me a cleaning fee.
It's okay to miss him.
And it's okay
to let us go home.
So many things are okay.
Let us go over
the inventory again.
Well, I gave it a shot.
Good luck, guys.
I'm sorry you're lonely, honey,
but I got to get
out of these pantyhose.
All right, great week,
everybody.
Sit down, Douglas.
(moans)
You will help Christina
and I finish up.
CHRISTINA: Sounds great.
We'll order takeout,
we'll sit cross-legged
in a circle,
listen to some Enya.
Thank you, Christina,
you may go home.
See you, sucker.
We were supposed to be
closer to the window.
Oh, that's okay.
I can see the reflection
of the river
shimmering off
your beautiful head.
I just want this night
to be special.
Oh, it will be. For your wallet.
I haven't eaten since breakfast.
There they are.
Without making it too obvious,
get us as close as you can
to the bald guy.
What are you going to do?
Destroy their lives.
She's kidding.
Chuey wanted us
here for support.
If you didn't want to do that,
you shouldn't have come.
I need to be here because
when this goes wrong,
I'll be able to tell Kemi
it was all your fault.
(chuckles) Great.
Look who it is!
Our favorite lovebirds.
Whose lives we
will not meddle in.
Hello, my friends.
What are you doing at
my romantic restaurant?
Uh, just having dinner.
Pretend we're not here.
Unless you need us,
then we are always here.
You are truly
obsessed with me.
It is like Single White Female
except you are neither
single nor white.
Kemi, relax.
More champagne?
Fine.
Cheers to my haters.
It's looking pretty
romantic over there.
Poor Kemi. She has no
idea what is coming.
Hello! Stop looking at us!
Kemi.
It's happening.
Oh, my God.
It is happening.
I cannot imagine spending
my life with anyone but you.
I cannot imagine you
spending your life
with anyone but me either.
I love you with all my heart.
What are you doing?
Oh, I see.
That is a beautiful ring.
Almost as beautiful as
the woman who will wear it.
Kemi...
will you marry me?
You are a wonderful man.
But no, thank you.
Kemi. Kemi?
Kemi! If it helps,
I had nothing to do with this.
I took these on my way out.
Thank you.
While I was running,
I did not think to throw
some oysters in my purse.
Why would Chukwuemeka even
consider proposing to me?
Because he is a fool who was
influenced by another fool.
Marriage is not for me.
I know.
And that is okay.
I like my life the way it is.
Exactly what I told Bob.
Chukwuemeka deserves better.
What are you talking about?
Never mind.
That is a ridiculous
thing to say.
There is no one better.
My husband was terrible,
but I was never
a good wife to him.
I did not have dinner
waiting for him every night.
Or have perfectly
manicured hands
to rub his fat, crusty feet.
You are not the reason
your marriage failed.
I am.
A good wife is selfless,
puts her husband first,
does not turn off her phone and
spend all night at the casino.
Chukwuemeka loves you
exactly the way that you are.
If he wanted a good wife,
he would not be with you.
Thank you for those sweet words.
So you're saying I
should marry him?
Only if you want to.
But I told you I did not.
But you did not for
the wrong reasons.
Okay, shut up, you are
confusing me.
And you forgot butter.
You are a good friend.
Mr. Wheeler,
I wanted to show you
my idea for our
rollout campaign.
Fine.
I will come back another time.
I got time. Show me.
No, thank you.
Your eyebrows are raised.
That is your yelling face.
No, that is his "got in a fight
with Abishola" face.
Maybe both.
Stop looking at my face!
There is the yelling.
When we are neighbors,
these are the work moments
we can discuss over brewskis.
I am still not sure about
taking the apartment.
Why not?
It is a big commitment.
What, are you scared
of being happy?
This man's offering you
a beautiful life here.
You're just gonna run away?
Why is he angry with me?
It is not about you.
But underneath his screaming
is a great deal of wisdom.
Do you like the apartment?
Yes.
Can you see yourself there?
Then stop thinking with this
and start thinking with this.
Oh, Bob. You are a poet.
I am sick of living
my life in fear.
Uncle, I will take
the apartment.
Wonderful!
BOB: Good for you.
Was choosing happiness
so freakin' hard?
I accept your angry
congratulations.
And I am
getting a puppy.
Uh, my wife has made it clear
that is not negotiable.
BOB:
Oh, for God's sakes,
let him have the damn puppy!
All right, I'll see
what I can do!
Mm.
Hello.
Hey.
Reliving the magic
of our wedding?
Mm-hmm.
Look how much fun
everyone is having.
And there's Kemi right in the
middle, life of the party.
Mm. She looks so happy riding
on that man's shoulders.
How can this be the same woman
who ran out of that restaurant?
She's just having
a little self-doubt.
Kemi may have a hard,
prickly exterior,
but inside somewhere,
she's soft and sweet.
She is a Nigerian,
not a pineapple.
She's prickly inside and out.
Maybe it comes from hanging
around too many Americans.
I'm around you all the time,
I have not changed.
Yesterday you bent over
to pet the neighbor's dog.
Because he has the eyes
of a human.
Listen, I'm sorry
I got involved.
You were right,
it's none of our business.
We have to find a way to make
Kemi marry Chukwuemeka.
You're right again,
it is our business.
Look, I don't know
if this is gonna happen.
He's already looking
for jobs out of state.
He doesn't care
what pharmacy it is.
He would leave CVS?
I heard he applied
at a Walgreens.
No.
He's a man on the edge.
(knocking at door)
Hello, Kofo.
Goodwin.
I see you have erased every sign
of my existence.
How quickly a futon
becomes a pool table.
Are you here to beg
to come back?
No.
In fact, I am about to sign
the lease on a new apartment.
I just came to pick up my mail.
I see.
Thank you.
No trouble at all.
If any more mail comes,
I will be honored
to hold on to it for you.
You're a good cousin.
But I set up forwarding
with the post office,
so you will not be bothered.
Well, mistakes happen.
And if they do,
I will always be there.
I know you will.
Goodbye, Kofo.
Goodbye.
Goodwin.
Hmm?
Do you think we will ever
see each other again?
Yes, at work.
Oh, right. Silly me.
Morning, morning.
Good morning.
Why are you smiling like that?
You need to sit right here.
Why?
What are you
going to do to me?
All you need to know is
you are about to become
the center of attention.
Oh, okay.
This is for you, Kemi!
("Best of My Love" playing)
Ooh.
Hey!
Okay, I don't know what's
happening, but I like it.
Ooh, shake it, Gloria.
(laughing)
Shake it!
Come on, y'all.
Oh!
An embarrassing flash mob,
for me?
Oh, I love it, I love it!
(laughter)
* Never will I feel
discouraged *
* 'Cause your love's
no mystery *
Hips. Ooh, hips.
* Demonstrating love
and affection *
Okay. The choreography
is a little basic,
but I am having fun,
I'm having fun.
* I like the way you make me
feel you about you, baby... *
KEMI:
That's it, hey!
More hips, more hips.
* Oh-oh, you've got
the best of my love... *
The doctor prescribed
100 cc's of handsome.
Hello, my love.
Oh, Chukwuemeka.
This is too much,
everyone is looking.
It's so embarrassing.
Kemi...
Our friends pointed out
that I would be miserable
working at a Walgreens
in Des Moines.
The only thing that would
make me more miserable
is to live a single day
without you.
I refuse to give up on our love.
Oh, well, my hand is feeling
suddenly very... naked.
I can help with that.
Kemi...
will you marry me?
Oh, Chukwuemeka.
I have stipulations.
Of course you do, my love.
I will not be the traditional
Nigerian wife.
I refuse to wait
on you hand and foot.
I would not want it
any other way.
And I will be me.
The vivacious free bird
with big dreams
and an ass to match.
You do you.
I will not even use
the word "wife."
Well, then you may bejewel me.
Is that a yes?
Yes.
She said yes!
(cheering)
I am going to have a husband!
And I am going to have a Kemi.
* It's growing every day *
* My love, my love *
* Oh-oh *
* Doo-doo, doo-doo,
doo-doo, doo-doo, ow! *
Is this everything?
(panting) Yes. Oh.
I have never had a whole
apartment to furnish.
I think a trip
to IKEA is in my future.
You are going to love
living alone.
I-I had my own place
at university
and it was wonderful.
Every morning, I made fried eggs
and blasted Chaka Khan.
(laughter)
I am more Sade and bellinis.
Oh, and don't worry,
the dark thoughts
are few and far between.
I am sorry, what?
Well, there will be times
when you have a bad day,
you'll go home
to your four walls,
longing for any other
living person to talk to.
Oh.
And it will cross your mind
that if you have
a medical emergency,
no one will find you
until the stench
of your decomposing body
alerts the neighbors.
Oh...
But like I said...
(chuckles)
few and far between!
Enjoy your new apartment.
I will.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org